---
title: "Lechuan"
bg: "#E69A8DFF"
color: black
fa-icon: bed
---

# Good night, My love (to tutu)
<div style="text-align: right">
by Lechuan Peng<br>
Vladimir Mlotschek, voice;<br>
Lechuan Peng, piano
</div>


***Good night, My love (to tutu)*** is a bass vocal piece dedicated to my girlfriend Tutu. It is written for a bass vocalist, and accompanied by piano. The text is simply some sweet night messages for her. The melody is inspired by ‘Today is your birthday’, but adapted to a seemingly G pentatonic scale. It starts with the tonic center at G, but with a confusing transition in between, the piece then ends with a tonic center at E. The novelty of this piece is its wild exploration of modern harmonies. It uses different kinds of jazz chords to have various colors, as well as some other harmonies. For example, the point of arrival of this piece uses the quartal chords, bringing the piece to its climax and creating heaven sonority.  It is also worth noting that even though the melody is simple, the melody itself is challenging to sing with the frequently changing piano harmony.

**Lechuan Peng** (b. 1998) is an amateur vocalist, amateur pianist, and composer from the University of Waterloo. He currently studies Computer Science and Combinatorics & Optimization in the faculty of mathematics. Lechuan also has a huge interest in exploring all different branches of mathematics, including abstract algebra, cryptography, differential equations, graph theory, and so on. He enjoyed studying some interdisciplinary areas, such as graph theory in combinatorial optimization and algebraic combinatorics in group theory.  In the process of learning mathematics, he produced well-typed LaTeX or Markdown lecture notes, which are highly rated by many students, especially [CO 487](https://n.sibp.ro/co487), [CS 146](https://n.sibp.ro/cs146), and [MUSIC 140](https://n.sibp.ro/music140). Moreover, he aims to study the connection between mathematics and music, or computer science and music in particular, in his graduate studies. His recent compositions focus more on the investigation of contemporary techniques, including 12-tone rows, pitch-class set, and some contemporary chords and harmony progression.

### Lyrics
Good night, my love, please have a pleasant dream,<br>
but you said you can't fall asleep.<br>
Don't worry I will be here,  <br>
won't leave you until you sleep.

My love, my love, good night.<br>
Today is gone, tomorrow is near.

Think of me, think of our sweetest memories.<br>
Then you would have a beautiful night.
