---
title: "Alex"
bg: "#F8C8DC"
color: black
fa-icon: snowflake
---

# Snowflake

<div style="text-align: right">
by Alex Zhuoran Meng<br>
Gabriel Golfetti, bass; Karim Kirolos, drums; <br>
Angel Lockhart, rhythm guitar; Vladimir Mlotschek, ocarina; <br>
Name 5, inst 5; name 6, inst 6;<br>
Name 7, inst 7
</div>

***Snowflake*** is a work for a small electronic ensemble involving electric guitar, bass, drum and several electronic instruments like music box and synth string. The music involved three individual melody lines that follow the same chord progression that depicts the different sizes of snowflakes falling from the sky. The melody line is bright and optimistic that can let people gain hope.

**Alex Zhuoran Meng** is a singer, pianist, and composer from Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, currently a candidate for the bachelor in Computer Science at the University of Waterloo. Alex completed his first composition in 2016 and decided to publish his first album in 2018 inspired by a Chinese pianist and composer V.K. and many Japanese ACG Music. As time went by, he published over 30 instrumental music and songs until now. Alex showed his passion for easy-listening music, pop songs, and light rock. His arrangement style shifts from using only acoustic melodic musical instruments to electronic synthesizers, electric guitar rhythmic musical instruments, but the goal of his composition is never changed. His music always showed a bright and lively combination of melody and rhythm pattern, which may help people become happier and more optimistic towards their daily life; because of this, he sometimes considered his music a placebo to people around him.