---
title: "Erika"
bg: '#63BD2F'
color: white
fa-icon: compact-disc
---
# Title of piece

<div style="text-align: right">
by Erika Lal
<br>
Vladimir Mlotschek, solo ocarina
</div>

***Think of a title, Erika*** is a piece for solo ocarina. It uses the Peru scale, a 6/8 time signature, and a flowing melody to create the imagery of a seaside port on a breezy, summer day. The piece is split into two main sections, meant to portray two different atmospheres at the same location. The melody in the first half of the piece uses repetition and reflections of existing motifs to symbolize calm, rolling waves in the early hours of the morning. The more upbeat second half of the piece symbolizes the liveliness and foot traffic of the port and surrounding areas later on in the day. It is influenced by the simplicity of folk song melodies and the catchiness of video game music, specifically inspired by the ocarina melodies found throughout the Legend of Zelda series.

**Erika Lal** (b. 1999) is pianist, vocalist, and composer currently studying Computer Science at the University of Waterloo. Her specialization is in machine learning and artificial intelligence, but she has a curiosity for all things related to mathematics and computer science. Erika has participated in various musical activities growing up including concert bands, jazz bands, choirs, musical theatre productions, and a cappella groups. Her current musical influences include broadway musicals such as Wicked, Once on this Island and Come From Away, and her favourite film and video game soundtracks such as the Star Wars series, the Legend of Zelda series, Crypt of the Necrodancer and Hades. She would like to thank her family who have continuously supported her musical education, and her friends at University of Waterloo A Cappella Club and Conrad Grebel University College for their constant support and encouragement in her musical endeavours.
