---
title: "Vlad"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: spider
---
# The Spiderweb

<div style="text-align: right">
by Vladimir Mlotschek
<br>
Vladimir Mlotschek, solo ocarina
</div>

***The Spiderweb***, a solo composition for triple ocarina in Alto C, was composed in March of 2022 by Vladimir Mlotschek.  Through its use of the whole-tone scale, changing tonal centers, and shifting time signatures, the piece elicits a sense of unease, chronicling the struggles of insects who find themselves trapped in a spider's web.  The piece also functions as a way for Vladimir to express his personal struggle with his mental health, especially throughout the pandemic, as well as his struggle to compose a solo work outside of typical tonal harmony and its conventions.  To overcome the latter struggle, he focused on making each line both challenging and enjoyable to play, taking motifs from the piece's early moments and varying them as it develops.  The Spiderweb was also composed with the triple ocarina's unique nature as a triple-chambered wind instrument and Vladimir's ocarina's specific tuning style (Pacchioni style) in mind.

**Vladimir Mlotschek** (b. 2000) is a composer, vocalist, and musical artist from Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.  With roots in game music and alternative rock, Vladimir's music demonstrates a focus on strong melodies and unique sound design and storytelling.  He advocates for the healthy consumption and creation of art and the importance of mental health for artists of all disciplines.  After publishing his first composition in 2017, Vladimir has had his music featured in events hosted by the VGMAcademy and is currently working with American game composer, Eric Lagergren, on a new piece for electroacoustic ocarina.  He's found inspiration and comfort in the musical works of Linkin Park, Andrew Huang, Nobuo Uematsu, and many other artists over the years.  Vladimir currently studies psychology and music at the University of Waterloo and vocal performance under [Mary-Catherine Pazzano](https://www.marycatherinepazzano.com/).  He is aiming towards a career in composition, performance, and music education.
